[Music]
question one which is the best way to
drive through a sharp curve a slow down
before entering the curve B slow down
when you have entered the curve C no to
change your speed correct answer a slow
down before entering the curve When
approaching a sharp curve it is
essential to slow down before entering
the curve this allows you to adjust your
speed safely and maintain better control
of your vehicle while navigating the
curve by reducing your speed before
entering the curve you decrease the risk
of losing control or experiencing
skidding it also provides you with more
time to react to any unexpected hazards
that may arise within the curve
therefore slowing down before entering
the curve is the safest and most
effective way to drive through a sharp
curve according to the California DMV
handbook question two you carry a load
in a passenger vehicle the load can
extend beyond the fenders on the right
side a no more than 3 ft B under no
circumstances C no more than 6 in
correct answer C no more than 6 in not
carry anything in or on a passenger
vehicle which extends beyond the fenders
on the left side or more than 6 in
beyond the fenders on the right side
question three you should not cross a
solid double yellow line in the center
of the roadway to a make a left turn B
pass another vehicle C enter a private
driveway correct answer B pass another
vehicle do not pass over double solid
yellow
lines stay to the right of these lines
unless you are question four to ensure
sure that you have enough space to
change lanes safely you should a look in
your side view mirrors only B always
turn and look over your right shoulder C
glance over your shoulder at the lane
you wish to enter correct answer C
glance over your shoulder at the lane
you wish to enter question five the
following white and black sign means a
slow moving traffic should move to the
right B B right turn yield C drive to
the right correct answer C drive to the
right these signs are generally posted
before medians or Islands to prevent
motorists from driving into traffic
moving in the opposing
Direction question six if you want to
pass a bicyclist riding on the right
edge of your lane you a must sound your
horn before passing the
bicyclist B must not squeeze past the
bicyclist C should maintain a cushion of
18 in between your vehicle and the
bicycle correct answer B must not
squeeze past the
bicyclist when passing a bicyclist you
must allow at least 3 ft of space
between your vehicle and the bicycle
whenever possible you must not squeeze
the bicyclist off the road question 7 on
a freeway you should look further ahead
than you would on a city street a
because it takes your vehicle a quar
mile to stop
completely B because it helps you stay
with the flow of traffic C in order to
see potential hazards
earlier correct answer C in order to see
potential hazards earlier on the freeway
be ready for changes in traffic
conditions watch for signals from other
drivers expect merging vehicles at
onramps and interchanges and be prepared
for rapid changes in road conditions and
traffic
flow question 8 the best way to pass a
large truck that is traveling in the
center lane of a three-lane roadway is
to a pass very slowly on the left and
move ahead of it B pass very quickly on
the right and move ahead of it C pass
quickly on the left and move ahead of it
correct answer C pass quickly on the
left and move ahead of it
it is important for drivers to pass
large vehicles on the left side because
it allows them to maintain better
visibility of the road and the
surrounding traffic reducing the risk of
accident question nine if there is a
deep puddle in the road ahead you should
a maintain the posted speed to make it
through the water B avoid the puddle if
possible C shift into neutral as you
drive through the water correct answer B
avoid the puddle if possible to prevent
skidding on slippery surfaces avoid
especially slippery areas such as ice
patches wet leaves oil or deep Puddles
the safest surface for driving is a dry
solid
surface question 10 how does a solid red
traffic light differ from a red arrow
traffic light a red arrows are only used
to stop traffic making a left turn B you
are not allowed to turn on a red arrow
after stopping C red arrows are only
used to stop traffic making a right turn
correct answer B you are not allowed to
turn on a red arrow after stopping you
may sometimes turn right when stopped by
a solid red light you may never turn
left or right when stopped by a traffic
light with a red arrow question 11 when
you approach a crosswalk where a blind
pedestrian is waiting to cross you must
stop a at the crosswalk and then tell
The Pedestrian when it is safe to cross
the street B at the crosswalk after
sounding your horn to alert The
Pedestrian to your presence see at the
crosswalk and wait for The Pedestrian to
cross correct answer C at the crosswalk
and wait for The Pedestrian to cross
pedestrian blind or not has the right of
way so you should wait for him her to
cross the street at the crosswalk before
proceeding question 12 the following
yellow and black sign means a Lanes
merge ahead B divided highway
ends C divided highway ahead correct
answer C divided highway ahead traffic
in opposite directions is divided by an
island or
median there may be additional Lanes
moving in each Direction question 13 you
may Drive in Lane designated for the
exclusive use of public transit buses a
when overtaking a slow moving vehicle B
when crossing the bus lane to make a
right turn C when not used by a public
transit bus correct answer B when
crossing the bus lane to make a right
turn it is illegal to drive stop park or
leave a vehicle in an area designated
for public transit buses signs will be
posted to indicate the lanes are for bus
only
use however you may cross a bus lane to
make a right turn question 14 what
should you do to avoid skidding when
driving on wet
surfaces a increase your speed to enter
curves and reduce your speed to exit
them B reduce your speed prior to
entering curves and
intersections C swerve between lanes to
gain control of your
vehicle correct answer B reduce your
speed prior to entering curves and
intersections ice and packed snow on the
road can cause your vehicle to Skid this
is even more likely if you are driving
too fast or going
downhill Drive slowly and leave space
between your vehicle and the vehicle
ahead of you to prevent skidding on
slippery surfaces slow down as you
approach intersections and curves for
Sharp curves slow down as you approach
and move through
question
15 abandoning an animal on the highway
may result in a jail time b a point
against your
license C no legal
consequences correct answer a jail time
it is illegal to dump or abandon an
animal on the highway doing so can
result in 6 months of jail time a fine
of up to $1,000 or both question 6 16
water on the road can cause a vehicle to
hydroplane your car May hydroplane at
speeds as low as a 45
mph B 35
mph C 40
mph correct answer B 35
mph hydroplaning occurs when there is
standing water on a roadway at speeds up
to 35 mph most tires will Channel water
away from the tire as your speed
increases past 35 mph tires cannot
channel the water as well and your tires
may start to lose contact with the road
and ride over the water like a set of
water
skis question 17 you are driving on a
roadway where vehicles are approaching
from the opposite direction on your left
and vehicles are parked in a row on your
right you should steer a closer to the
center line of the roadway than to the
parked cars B closer to the parked cars
than the oncoming
Vehicles c a middle course between the
oncoming traffic and the parked cars
correct answer c a middle course between
the oncoming traffic and the parked cars
try to stay as far away from the
oncoming traffic as from the parked cars
so you will have room to react to events
in either location question
18 you are planning to make a left turn
from a dedicated left turn lane when the
light turns to a yellow arrow you should
a be prepared to obey the next signal
that appears B speed up to get through
the
intersection C stop and not turn under
any
circumstances correct answer a be
prepared to obey the next signal that
appears any type of yellow light gives
you time to prepare for the light that
follows it you should stop at a yellow
light unless it is UN safe for you to do
so if you enjoying this practice test
please like this and hit the Subscribe
button or you can follow us on Facebook
links are given in
description question
19 if a driver's left arm is extended
out the window and bent upward this
indicates they intend to a slow down or
stop B turn right C turn left correct
answer B turn right there are three hand
signals stop hand signal extend your arm
downwards with your palm facing backward
left turn hand signal hold your arm
straight out of the window right turn
hand signal extend your arm upwards at a
90Â° angle question 20 what is the usual
requirement for drivers of
non-commercial Vehicles when parked at a
yellow painted curb a they must stay
with their vehicle B they can leave
their their vehicle
unattended C they must unload their
vehicle quickly correct answer a they
must stay with their Vehicle drivers of
non-commercial vehicles are usually
required to stay with their vehicle when
parked at a yellow painted curb ensuring
efficient loading and unloading
operations question
21 for improved visibility in Fog rain
or snow use a emergency lights B low
beam
headlights C highbeam
headlights correct answer B low beam
headlights use low beam headlights when
driving in rain snow sleet or fog high
beam headlights in adverse weather
conditions lower visibility by
reflecting off the precipitation and
back into the driver's eyes question
22 if you are feeling fatigued while
driving you should a increase your speed
to reach your destination more quickly B
increase the volume of your radio C find
a safe parking area to take a short nap
correct answer C find a safe parking
area to take a short nap when driving
watch for warning signs of fatigue you
are too tired to drive safely if you are
struggling to keep your eyes open
drifting from your lane or turning up
the radio and rolling down your windows
to keep yourself awake
if you notice these signs it is a good
idea to find a safe place to park so you
can refresh yourself with a short nap
question
23 if your vehicle has a two-part safety
belt system you should a use only the
lap belt B use both the lap and shoulder
belts C use only the shoulder belt
correct answer B use both the lap and
shoulder belts if your vehicle has a
two-part seat belt system be sure to
wear both the lap belt and the shoulder
belt wearing either part alone greatly
reduces your
protection if you have an automatic
shoulder belt be sure to buckle your lap
belt as well question
24 what consequence may occur if an
unlicensed person is caught driving your
vehicle a a fine will be imposed on the
vehicle owner B the vehicle will be
impounded for 30 days C the vehicle
registration will be
revoked correct answer B the vehicle
will be impounded for 30 days if an
unlicensed person is caught driving your
vehicle it may be impounded for 30 days
as a consequence serving as a deterrent
to unauthorized use of
vehicles question
25 what is the recommended hand position
for oneand steering when backing up a
3:00 position B 12:00 position position
C 9:00 position correct answer B 12:00
position when backing up to see where
you are going behind you it's
recommended to place your hand at the
12:00 position on the steering wheel
this allows for easier control and
adjustment of the vehicle's Direction
while maintaining visibility of the
surroundings thanks for watching if you
like it please share the video with your
friends and subscribe to our YouTube
channel and follow us on Facebook
